Experience Wonder at Jewel Changi Airport - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Your browser does not support the video tag. EXPLORE JEWEL Discover a wondrous world where nature meets retail Celebrate SG60 with Jewel Celebrate Singapore’s 60th birthday with a line-up of exciting events, special showcases, exclusive rewards, and a taste of our nation’s flavour-packed journey—all under one roof at Jewel! Play The first-of-its-kind play attractions at Jewel promise endless fun for the young and young at heart! Dine Indulge in the wide array of dining options at Jewel! Shop A world-class shopping experience awaits you at Jewel! Stay Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTEL AIR Hotel in Asia! Purchase Tickets for Canopy Park and the attractions Latest Promotions Grab the latest deals View more Celebrate SG60 with Jewel OCBC Mastercard Campaign JUST BETWEEN US FRIENDS Latest Promotions Grab the latest deals View more CHANGI MILLIONAIRE EXPERIENCES SPEND AND WIN BIG WITH CAPITASTAR YOUR TAX REFUND STARTS AT JEWEL Jewel Features Exclusive programmes at Jewel View more Jewel Privileges Programme Jewel Double Rewards TEAM BUILDING AT JEWEL Jewel Features Exclusive programmes at Jewel View more Venues at Jewel Wedding Venues at Jewel Attractions Buyout Featured Plants at Jewel Step out of the airport right into a lush green sanctuary, a tranquil retreat in the core of the world's best transport hub. Jewel houses more than 2,000 trees and palms, and over 10,000 shrubs covering a total area of more than 21,000sqm. There are some 120 species, originating from countries all around the globe. Learn more about the plants at Jewel today! Traveller's Guide Getting to Jewel Traveller's Information Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme WELCOME TO JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT Watch the video to find out more × Close STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Experience Wonder at Jewel Changi Airport - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Your browser does not support the video tag. EXPLORE JEWEL Discover a wondrous world where nature meets retail Celebrate SG60 with Jewel Celebrate Singapore’s 60th birthday with a line-up of exciting events, special showcases, exclusive rewards, and a taste of our nation’s flavour-packed journey—all under one roof at Jewel! Play The first-of-its-kind play attractions at Jewel promise endless fun for the young and young at heart! Dine Indulge in the wide array of dining options at Jewel! Shop A world-class shopping experience awaits you at Jewel! Stay Relax, rejuvenate and be refreshed at the first YOTEL AIR Hotel in Asia! Purchase Tickets for Canopy Park and the attractions Latest Promotions Grab the latest deals View more Celebrate SG60 with Jewel OCBC Mastercard Campaign JUST BETWEEN US FRIENDS Latest Promotions Grab the latest deals View more CHANGI MILLIONAIRE EXPERIENCES SPEND AND WIN BIG WITH CAPITASTAR YOUR TAX REFUND STARTS AT JEWEL Jewel Features Exclusive programmes at Jewel View more Jewel Privileges Programme Jewel Double Rewards TEAM BUILDING AT JEWEL Jewel Features Exclusive programmes at Jewel View more Venues at Jewel Wedding Venues at Jewel Attractions Buyout Featured Plants at Jewel Step out of the airport right into a lush green sanctuary, a tranquil retreat in the core of the world's best transport hub. Jewel houses more than 2,000 trees and palms, and over 10,000 shrubs covering a total area of more than 21,000sqm. There are some 120 species, originating from countries all around the globe. Learn more about the plants at Jewel today! Traveller's Guide Getting to Jewel Traveller's Information Changi Lounge Tax Refund at Jewel Jewel Privileges Programme WELCOME TO JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT Watch the video to find out more × Close STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Attractions Admission Tickets [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Welcome to Canopy Park Explore the Canopy Park, a playground for everyone! × Close 4 / 9 Jewel-rassic Quest An augmented reality experience with dinosaurs! Canopy Park A playground for everyone BUNDLE DEALS Enjoy more attractions at bundle price! BOUNCING NET Feel like you're bouncing among trees HEDGE MAZE Leafy playscapes you can't resist MASTERCARD® CANOPY BRIDGE Take a walk through the air WALKING NET Balance your way through an adventure MIRROR MAZE Lose yourself in a kaleidoscopic escapade Foggy Bowls Kids will love the chance to play in this dreamy setting and let their imagination take flight. Changi Experience Studio Go on a journey of fun and discovery through the exciting virtual world of Changi Airport! Engage in the wonder of amazing projection experiences and enjoy interactive games and immersive shows. In this first-of-its-kind digital attraction, experience the magic of technology and learn about aviation and what makes the airport tick. STANDARD RATES STANDARD RATES LOCAL RATES LOCAL RATES FAMILY BUNDLE DEAL FAMILY BUNDLE DEAL BUY NOW ON CHANGI APP BUY NOW ON CHANGI APP Corporate Membership Programme Enjoy Unlimited Admission, Jewel Privileges, Discounts on Jewel’s Guided Tours and more! Click here for more information. Terms & Conditions apply. DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM PlayAtJewel Membership Enjoy unlimited access to our play attractions, such as Canopy Park, Mastercard® Canopy Bridge,  Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net, as well as exclusive shopping and dining discounts all year round! Guests can choose from different types of membership such as families, individual adults, children and seniors for their prefered membership. FIND OUT MORE FIND OUT MORE *Terms and Conditions apply . STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

PlayatJewel [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... PlayAtJewel Membership × Close 4 / 9 JOIN US AS A MEMBER TODAY ! The PlayAtJewel Membership Programme aims to engage and reward members with great savings and an extensive host of privileges – including unlimited admission to Canopy Park, Mastercard® Canopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net and exclusive shopping and dining discounts all year round! We look forward to welcoming you to our ever-growing family. If you have any questions, kindly refer to our FAQ section or contact us via email at contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com . Click here to purchase individual membership Click here to purchase individual membership Click here to purchase family membership Click here to purchase family membership Click here to log-in to existing membership Click here to log-in to existing membership Membership Plans × Close 4 / 9 Membership Plans There are different types of membership plans to suit your needs. Select one of the following and join us as a PlayAtJewel Member today! × Close 1 / 1 For families with 2 adults and 1 child /senior citizen PlayAtJewel Family Pass : $188 for 1-year membership per family Additional child / senior citizen at $30 (Up to max 4) PlayAtJewel + Changi Experience Studio Family Pass: $270 for 1-year membership per family Additional child / senior citizen at $42 (Up to max 4) × Close 1 / 1 Adult (Aged 13 -59 years old) PlayAtJewel Annual Pass : $105 for 1-year membership per person Season Pass: $65 for 6 months membership per person PlayAtJewel + Changi Experience Studio Annual Pass: $140 for 1-year membership per person Season Pass: $90 for 6 months membership per person × Close 1 / 1 Children (Aged 3 - 12 years old) PlayAtJewel Annual Pass : $75 for 1-year membership per person Season Pass : $45 for 6 months membership per person PlayAtJewel + Changi Experience Studio Annual Pass: $98 for 1-year membership per person Season Pass: $60 for 6 months membership per person *Children must be accompanied by adults *Children must be of a minimum height of 110cm to enter Discovery Slides, Walking Net and Bouncing Net. × Close 1 / 1 Senior Citizen (Aged 60 years old and above) PlayatJewel Annual Pass : $75 for 1-year membership per person Season Pass : $45 for 6 months membership per person PlayatJewel + Changi Experience Studio Annual Pass: $98 for 1-year membership per person Season Pass: $60 for 6 months membership per person PLAYATJEWEL - CORPORATE ANNUAL PASS Reward your employees through Jewel Changi Airport’s corporate membership. Enjoy year-round unlimited admission to Canopy Park, Mastercard® Canopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net! Find out more here ! If you have any questions, kindly refer to our FAQ section or contact us via email at sales@jewelchangiairport.com . Annual / Season Pass Holders Year Long Perks Shop & Dine Rest & Relax Explore & Play Birthday Perks Enjoy exclusive promotion(s) at selected outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. JEWEL Privileges Retail and F&B Discounts Gift by Changi Airport: 10% off with min. $5 spend Click here for more info Valid for Individual/Family Annual Pass & Individual Season Pass Rest & Relax at Changi Lounge or enjoy exclusive discounts for your staycation! 10% off for Changi Lounge Access Up to 15% at participating hotels (Crowne Plaza Changi Airport & YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport) Click here for more info Valid for Individual/Family Annual Pass & Individual Season Pass ADDITIONAL TICKET DISCOUNT FOR FAMILY & FRIENDS 20% off Singapore Resident Individual attraction tickets, Jewel-rassic Quest and Bundle Deals* Invitations to exclusive events/ launches *Up to 10 tickets to be purchased onsite via Jewel L5 Concierge. Terms & Conditions apply. Valid for Individual/Family Annual Pass & Individual Season Pass. Enjoy a list of Birthday Perks Discount at Canopy Park attractions and selected participating stores . Sweet Treat Privileges Free Birthday Goodie Bag Valid for Individual/Family Annual Pass only Terms and Conditions USE OF ATTRACTIONS PASSES Depending on the type of Attractions Pass membership, Passholder may enjoy the privileges and benefits stated here . Privileges and benefits are offered at the sole and absolute discretion of JCAT and they are non-transferable and non-assignable. Attractions Pass admissions: Individual Adult Passes and Individual Child/Senior Passes are non-transferable and admits the Passholder only. Family Annual Pass is limited to a maximum of 2 Adults and 5 Child/Senior. Guest to login and present a valid e-card for admission into attractions or in order to enjoy the Attractions Pass privileges. All children must be accompanied by an adult. JCAT attraction staff may request for photo identification for verification prior to admission. Admission to the various Jewel Changi Airport attractions using the Attractions Pass is subject to blackout dates; closure of attractions due to maintenance or force majeure events; and separate ticketed events. Please refer to the Jewel Changi Airport Attractions website for more information. The use of the Attractions Pass for admissions into Jewel Changi Airport’s attractions is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the attractions. All Passholders and users of the Attractions Pass for entry in to the attractions agree to Jewel Changi Airport’s attractions terms and conditions. Please refer to the full terms & conditions of Jewel Changi Airport’s attractions here . Click here for the full PlayAtJewel Terms & Conditions . Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) General FAQ 1.     What is PlayAtJewel membership? PlayAtJewel membership is the official membership programme by Jewel Changi Airport, which comprises 3 types of passes: i.         Individual Annual Pass ii.         Family Annual Pass iii.         Season Pass As a member, you will be able to enjoy great savings and privileges while visiting Jewel Changi Airport and Canopy Park on Level 5. The PlayAtJewel membership can be renewed 30 days before expiry. 2.     How can I sign up for PlayAtJewel membership? You can sign up for PlayAtJewel membership via Jewel Changi Airport official website. Click on the “Sign Up” icon and follow the instructions to sign up for a new PlayAtJewel membership. 3.     What are the benefits that I can enjoyed as a PlayAtJewel passholder? PlayAtJewel passholders can enjoy privileges and perks such as: Unlimited admission to the Canopy Park, Mastercard® Canopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net. Invitations to Jewel Changi Airport’s workshops and events Exclusive dining and retail privileges, plus birthday perks during your special month 4.  How long is my PlayAtJewel membership valid for? For PlayAtJewel Individual / Family Annual passholder, the membership is valid for one (1) year from the date of application. For PlayAtJewel Season passholder, the membership is valid for six (6) months from date of application. 5.  How do I check my PlayAtJewel membership expiry date? Your PlayAtJewel membership validity period is indicated on your membership e-Card. To check your PlayAtJewel membership expiry date, simply log in to your membership e-Card via Jewel Changi Airport official website, click on the “Login” icon, the expiry date will be reflected beside the e-Card. 6. Do you offer concessionary PlayAtJewel membership for Senior Citizens? Concessionary PlayAtJewel membership is available for Seniors 60 years old and above, with Singapore NRIC of FIN card. You may find the prices for the respective concessionary Senior memberships under each PlayAtJewel membership category. 7.     Do you offer a concessionary PlayAtJewel membership for students? While we do not offer a concessionary PlayAtJewel membership for students, concessionary PlayAtJewel membership is available for children aged 3 to 12 years old. You may find the prices for the respective child memberships under each PlayAtJewel membership category. 8. Can I convert my admission tickets to a PlayAtJewel membership? Only Bundle Deals 2 & 4 tickets are allowed to be converted into PlayAtJewel membership. Same day admission Bundle Deals 2 & 4 tickets will be refunded, and guests will be required to purchase the PlayAtJewel membership separately. Any other Individual Attraction, Bundle Deals 1 and 3 tickets are not applicable for conversion. You may convert your admission tickets under the following conditions: Admission tickets must be presented. Conversion must be processed on the same day of admission and based on 1 admission ticket to 1 membership. Travel agent tickets, complimentary tickets and all promotional tickets are not eligible for conversion to membership. 9.   As a PlayAtJewel membership passholder, do I still need to make any timeslot reservation for Bouncing Net? No reservation is required, and you may join the queue to enjoy our Bouncing Net on the day of visit. 10. Must all members of the PlayAtJewel Family Annual passholders be present to enter the ticketed attractions or enjoy the privileges? Any member(s) of the Family PlayAtJewel membership can present the PlayAtJewel e-Card for entry into ticketed attractions. All child entry must be accompanied by a paying adult or an adult PlayAtJewel member. 11.Who can I contact if I face any issues regarding my membership? You may write in to our Jewel Guest Centre at this email: contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com or call +65 6956 9898 (10am - 10pm) to speak with our Jewel Guest Centre team. During Sign Ups 1.     My spouse and I wish to sign up for a membership. We have one child and he/she will be turning 4 within this year. Should my spouse and I sign up for two PlayAtJewel Individual Annual pass or should we sign up for a 2 Adults & 1 Child Family Annual pass? For your info, Child below 3 years old is entitled to free admission. The family may choose to purchase 2 PlayAtJewel Individual Adult Annual pass as the child will be entitled to free admission since he/she is still 3 years old. Alternatively, the family may wish to purchase 2 Adults & 1 Child PlayAtJewel Family Annual pass to enjoy the membership’s benefit and privileges throughout the valid membership period. 2.       I have purchased a PlayAtJewel Family Annual pass for 2 adults and 1 child last month, can I top up $30 to add on a 2 nd child? Any add on of family member to the membership is not allowed after purchase. 3.     Can I replace a member in the middle of the membership validity period? As memberships are non-transferable, member replacements or change are not permitted in the middle of the membership validity period. 4. We are a multi-generation family (parents, grandparents and grandchildren), comprising of 2 Senior, 2 adults and 4 children. Which PlayAtJewel membership should I take up? PlayAtJewel Family Annual pass allows purchase for up to 2 Adult + 5 child/senior. The family may sign up for PlayAtJewel Family Annual pass for 2 Adult + 5 child/senior and 1 PlayAtJewel Individual Annual pass for child/senior. Renewal 1.     When am I able to renew my membership? Renewal option will be available at your membership login page 30 days prior to expiry and you may click on “RENEW” to proceed. 2.     My membership is due for renewal but I am experiencing issues. What should I do? You may write in to our Jewel Guest Centre at this email: contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com or call +65 6956 9898 (10am - 10pm) for assistance. PlayAtJewel Membership Privileges 1.     How can my Family enjoy the Jewel Privileges? Simply present your PlayAtJewel membership e-Card when placing your order to enjoy the F&B or Retail privileges. Please note that you may be asked for your identification card for verification purposes. 2.     I am a member of PlayAtJewel. Am I able to authorize a friend, family member or caretaker to enjoy my membership’s benefits and privileges? All PlayAtJewel membership is non-transferable. Passholder must be present to enjoy PlayAtJewel benefits and privileges. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

PlayatJewel - Corporate [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Corporate Membership × Close 4 / 9 Reward your employees through Jewel Changi Airport’s corporate membership. Enjoy year-round unlimited admission to Canopy Park, Mastercard® Canopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net! If you have any questions, kindly refer to our FAQ section or contact us via email at sales@jewelchangiairport.com . DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM DOWNLOAD APPLICATION FORM Please email the endorsed application form to: sales@jewelchangiairport.com Email subject: Corporate Membership Application (Company Name) Corporate Membership Plan × Close 4 / 9 Corporate Membership Plan The Corporate Annual Pass entitles your staff and three accompanying guests to enjoy unlimited admission to Canopy Park and one time entry per day to Mastercard® Canopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Walking Net and Bouncing Net. × Close 1 / 1 Annual Corporate Membership (Price per card) 1 Physical Card      - $4,780 2 Physical Cards    - $4,000 3 Physical Cards    - $3,500 4 Physical Cards    - $3,000 Add on: Corporate E-Letter Scheme Staff located in multiple locations? Physical cards too much of a hassle? The Corporate E-Letter scheme maximises your company’s investment in the membership by: Issuing an electronic version of the membership in the form of an authorisation letter Minimising the administrative hassle of managing physical cards Maximising the utilization of the membership during the peak season by allowing a faster turnaround time of the membership card among your staff This scheme is available upon sign up of your corporate membership, subject to an additional annual fee of $3,230 per membership card. For those who like to trial our membership, a six months Season Corporate Membership programme is available! 6 Months Season Corporate Membership (Price per card) 1 Physical Card - $2,680 Add on Corporate e-letter at $1,800 Corporate Pass Holders Year Long Perks Shop & Dine Rest & Relax Explore & Play Enjoy exclusive promotion(s) at selected outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. JEWEL Privileges Retail and F&B Discounts Gift by Changi Airport: 10% off with min. $5 spend Click here for more info Rest & Relax at Changi Lounge or enjoy exclusive discounts for your staycation! 10% off for Changi Lounge Access Up to 20% at participating hotels (Crowne Plaza Changi Airport, Dusit Thani Laguna Singapore & YOTELAir Singapore Changi Airport) Click here for more info ADDITIONAL TICKET DISCOUNT FOR FAMILY & FRIENDS 20% off Singapore Resident Individual attraction tickets, Jewel-rassic Quest and Bundle Deals* *Up to 10 tickets to be purchased onsite via Jewel L5 Concierge Click here for more info Terms and Conditions USE OF CORPORATE ANNUAL PASS Passholder may enjoy the privileges and benefits stated here . Passholder must be present on-site with his/her valid corporate staff ID to enjoy the privileges and benefits. Privileges and benefits are offered at the sole and absolute discretion of Jewel Changi Airport and they are non-transferable and non-assignable. Corporate Annual Pass admissions: Each corporate annual pass entitles your staff to enjoy unlimited admission to Canopy Park and one time entry per day to Mastercard® Canopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net for up to one staff and three accompanying guests (adult/child/senior) per day. A valid physical membership card or corporate e-letter must be presented along with corporate staff ID to be granted admission to the attractions or in order to enjoy the Attractions Pass privileges. All children under 12 must be accompanied by an adult. Admission to the various Jewel Changi Airport attractions using the Corporate Annual Pass is subject to blackout dates; closure of attractions due to maintenance or force majeure events; and separate ticketed events. Please refer to the Jewel Changi Airport Attractions website for more information. The use of the Corporate Annual Pass for admission into Jewel Changi Airport’s attractions is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the attractions. All Passholders and users of the Corporate Annual Pass agree to Jewel Changi Airport’s attractions terms and conditions. Please refer to the full terms & conditions of the Jewel Changi Airport’s attractions here . Click here for the full Terms & Conditions . Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) General FAQ 1.      What is Jewel Corporate Membership? Jewel Corporate Membership is the official membership programme offered to corporate companies by Jewel Changi Airport. As a member, corporate companies and their staff will be able to enjoy great savings and privileges while visiting Jewel Changi Airport and Canopy Park on Level 5. Jewel corporate membership can be renewed upon expiry. 2.      How can my company sign up for Jewel Corporate Membership? You can sign up for Jewel Corporate Membership via Jewel Changi Airport official website. Click on the “Download” icon and fill up the application form. Upon completion of the application form, email the signed application form back to us at sales@jewelchangiairport.com with email subject: Corporate Membership Application (Company Name). 3.      What is the processing lead-time for getting our corporate membership pass after we have sent in the application? We will take an estimated 7 to 14 working days to process your membership upon successful payment received by Jewel Changi Airport. Upon successful processing of your application, we will notify you on the collection of the corporate membership pass. 4.      How long is my Jewel Corporate Membership valid for? For Corporate Annual passholder, the membership is valid for one (1) year from the date of issuance. For 6 Months Season Corporate Annual passholder, the membership is valid for six (6) months from the date of issuance. 5.      How do I check my Jewel Corporate Membership expiry date? Your Jewel corporate membership validity date is indicated on your membership pass. 6.      When should we renew our corporate membership? You can renew your membership any time before it expires. Your renewed membership will commence on the expiry date of your current membership. 7.      How should we renew our corporate membership? Simply download the application form from the “Download” icon and fill up the application form. Upon completion of the application form, email the signed application form back to us at sales@jewelchangiairport.com with email subject: Corporate Membership Renewal Application (Company Name). 8.      Can I transfer our corporate membership to another company? Jewel Corporate Membership card is non-transferable. Only staff of the company registered under our corporate membership (based on printed company name on the corporate membership card) may enjoy the membership benefits. Please ensure that your requested printed organisation name on your corporate membership pass is consistent with your organisation’s name printed on your corporate staff ID at the point of membership application. Our staff will only allow entry after verification that the organisation name printed on the corporate membership pass matches that of the organisation name printed on your corporate staff ID. 9.      Who can I contact if I face any issues regarding my corporate membership? You may write in to our Jewel Guest Centre at this email: contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com or call +65 6956 9898 (10am - 10pm) to speak with our Jewel Guest Centre team. Jewel Corporate Membership Privileges 1.      What are the benefits that I can enjoy as a Jewel Corporate Membership passholder? Jewel Corporate Membership passholders can enjoy privileges and perks such as: Unlimited admission to the Canopy Park (up to three accompanying guests) 1 time entry to Mastercard® Canopy Bridge, Hedge Maze, Mirror Maze, Bouncing Net and Walking Net per day (up to three accompanying guests) Exclusive dining and retail privileges at participating tenants of Jewel Privileges Programme Changi Lounge privileges Discounts for stays at YotelAir Changi Airport and Dusit Thani Laguna Hotel Discounts for additional attraction tickets purchase and Jewel’s Guided Tour – Discover Jewel Tour 2.      How can I enjoy the Jewel Corporate Membership’s Privileges? Simply present your Jewel Corporate Annual Pass card/Corporate E-letter when placing your order to enjoy the privileges. Please note that you will be required to present your corporate staff ID for verification purposes. 3.      Must staff of the corporate membership be present to enter the ticketed attractions or enjoy the privileges? Staff must be present and present staff ID with Jewel Corporate Annual Pass card/Corporate E-letter for entry into ticketed attractions or to enjoy any of the privileges. Staff of the corporate membership can bring up to three accompanying guests (adult/child/senior) into ticketed attractions. All child entry must be accompanied by a paying adult. 4.      My company is a member of Jewel Corporate Membership. Am I able to authorize a friend, family member or caretaker to enjoy my membership’s benefits and privileges? All Jewel corporate membership’s benefits are non-transferable. Staff must be present to enjoy Jewel benefits and privileges. Staff will be required to present corporate staff ID for verification purposes too. 5.      Do Jewel Corporate Membership passholders enjoy complimentary parking? Complimentary parking is not part of the privileges for corporate membership. For more information on the privileges and benefits of our corporate membership, click here . STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Getting to Jewel - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... GETTING TO JEWEL This iconic landmark is situated at the heart of Changi Airport and easily accessible to all terminals of the airport. Jewel is open 24hrs. Most shops operate between 10am to 10pm. Selected shops have extended operating hours. *Please check the directory listing for specific operating hours. Jewel Changi Airport 78 Airport Boulevard Singapore 819666 From Changi Airport T1 T2 T3 T4 From Terminal 1 Jewel is connected to the Arrival Hall (level 1) of Terminal 1. From Terminal 2 Jewel is a 5 to 10-minute walk via a link bridge from the Departure Hall (level 2) of Terminal 2 (near row 1). From Terminal 3 Jewel is a 5 to 10-minute walk via a link bridge from the Departure Hall (level 2) of Terminal 3 (near row 11). From Terminal 4 Take the free shuttle bus from Terminal 4 Arrival Lounge to Jewel/ Terminal 1  (opposite Jewel Level 2 Drop-off point). Direct shuttle bus service (T4 - Jewel) is available from 6am to 12am daily, while loop bus service (T4 - T3 - T1 - T4) is available from 1am to 6am daily. Direction × Close 1 / 1 By Private Car/Taxi From the City Centre: • 20-minute drive via East Coast Parkway (ECP), which leads into Airport Boulevard. From Woodlands Checkpoint • 30-minute drive via Tampines Expressway (TPE) and Seletar Expressway (SLE) From Tuas Checkpoint • 40-minute drive via the East Coast Parkway Expressway (ECP) and Ayer Rajah Expressway (AYE) Motor Vehicles (including Vans): • Short-term Parking (B2M and B2) First 90 mins: S$0.65/15 mins block Subsequent 30 mins or part thereof S$5/30mins • General Parking (B3 to B5) S$0.65/15 mins block Motorcycles & Scooters: •     S$1.40 per day (7:00am to 6:59am next day) × Close 1 / 1 By Train Take the Mass Rapid Transport (MRT) to the Changi Airport Station (CG2). Upon exiting the station (CG2), Jewel is accessible via link bridges located at level 2 of Terminals 2 and 3. Using the East-West (Green) Line Take a train to the Tanah Merah (EW4) station and cross the platform to transfer to an Airport-bound train. Using the Downtown (Blue) Line Take a train to the Expo (DT35) station. From here, transfer to the East-West (Green) Line eastward to the Changi Airport station (CG2). Upon exiting the station, Jewel is accessible via link bridges located at level 2 of Terminals 2 and 3. × Close 1 / 1 By Bus The following Bus Services will stop at Terminal 1’s basement bus bay: • 24 • 27 • 34 • 36 • 53 • 110 • 858 Upon arrival at Terminal 1, please follow the signs to Jewel from Level 1 of the terminal. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Search Result - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... × Close Search 10 results found for “Attractions” Canopy Park A recreational playground for everyone Attractions The first-of-its-kind play attractions at Jewel Changi Airport promise endless fun for the young and young at heart! Discover a wondrous world where nature meets retail. Attractions Buyout Canopy Park Ticket Promotions - Jewel Changi Airport Canopy Park Terms & Conditions Exclusive Deals For Transit Passengers! Enjoy 20% off Canopy Park attractions when you flash this page at Jewel's Level 1 Concierge Counter! Changi Experience Studio A journey of fun and discovery Bouncing Net Feel like you're bouncing among trees Walking Net Balance your way through an adventure Foggy Bowls Play amongst the clouds Load More STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Itinerary Planner [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... A Wondrous Journey awaits you Welcome to Jewel! A multi-faceted lifestyle and entertainment hub with myriad exciting retail and dining offerings, indoor gardens, play attractions and aviation facilities. Be greeted by the world’s tallest indoor waterfall at 40 metres tall – the Jewel Rain Vortex – and bask in the lush indoor greenery of the Forest Valley with floral biodiversity of more than 120 species. Indulge in endless fun at Canopy Park with its exciting attractions, perfect for both the young and young-at-heart! Jewel is also home to a world-class tenant mix featuring both homegrown and established overseas brands, where we are truly, the place where the World meets Singapore and Singapore meets the World. × Close 4 / 9 Experiences in Jewel See the world's tallest indoor waterfall Trek through an indoor forest Shop & Dine at more than 250 stores Rest at YOTELAIR Services in Jewel Early check-in counters Baggage storage service Tax refund kiosks Seamless connectivity to T1, T2, T3 & T4 Tips for Travellers Find out more about the amenities and services available for travellers at Jewel here ! Explore Jewel Encounter nature, delight in play attractions and savour a taste of Singapore. There’s so much to see and do at Jewel, the possibilities are endless! To help prepare for your Jewel journey, we have suggested a slew of activities that are sure to keep you engaged at any time of the day! Don’t forget to snap some pictures at our recommended photo spots too! × Close 4 / 9 Canopy Park A playground for everyone! Explore all the exciting play attractions and indoor gardens at Jewel! Jewel-rassic Quest Complete missions and meet larger-than-life dinosaurs through an augmented reality experience! Discover Jewel Tour Uncover lesser-known facts about Jewel and its various unique features! Light & Music Showcase Find a nice vantage point and catch the not-to-be-missed show that starts from 8pm daily! The shows are specially designed by internationally-acclaimed water features specialist from Los Angeles - WET. Local Delights Discover the taste of Singapore with beloved local delights, all under one roof at Jewel. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Amenities & Services - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Amenities & Services Enjoy a pleasant and hassle-free experience, with a suite of facilities and services tailored for every visitor. ATM, Money Exchange & Services Withdraw money or perform other banking transactions at the ATMs located at B1 and L4 . B1: - FXChange: #B1-K200 & #B1-K206 - UOB: #B1-K201 & #B1-K208 - OCBC: #B1-K203 - DBS: #B1-K204 - ICBC: #B1-K207 - Citibank: #B1-K209 L4: - FXChange: #04-K200 Baby Care Baby Care (nursing) rooms are conveniently located on every level from B2 to L4. Amenities include: - Diaper changing stations - Hot & cold water dispensers - Private cubicles for nursing Baggage Storage Don't be bogged down by your hand-carry luggage. The Baggage Storage service* at L1 allows you to explore Jewel unencumbered, while your belongings are safely kept for you. Do note that several Jewel attractions do not permit luggage to be brought in with you. Find out more here . *Charges apply Car Services Find a full range of car grooming services including Hydroshot car wash, waxing, aircon cleaning, etc at CARs International located at #B3-K200 from 10am - 7pm. Find out more here. Concierge Services Approach our Experience Concierges for assistance, and a variety of other services. Counter is located at L1. Currency Exchange You can buy major currencies from the FXCHANGE kiosks at B1 and L4 . Early Check-in Want to explore Jewel before you depart Singapore?  Simply come earlier and make use of the early check-in facilities at L1. There, you can check-in your baggage and enjoy a hands-free experience at Jewel before it is time to catch your flight. Click here for more information. Free WIFI Services Search for #WiFi@Jewel to access our free WiFi. GST Refund Claim your Goods and Services Tax refunds before you leave Singapore, from the Electronic Tourist Refund self-help (eTRS) kiosk at L1 . Please have your passport, plane tickets, receipts and purchased items with you for a smooth process. Note: eTRS kiosk operates between 12.00pm - 8.00pm. Mobility Services Wheelchairs and strollers are available for loan* for added mobility when you explore Jewel. Available at the Concierge counter at Level 1, from 10am to 9.30pm daily.  Please note that some attractions are not accessible to wheelchairs or strollers. *A nominal refundable deposit is required Pharmacy Pick up last-minute wellness supplies or medication for peace of mind during your vacation. From off-the-shelf medication to sunscreen and diapers, the pharmacy at B2 provides for your family needs. Power Bank Loan Keep your mobile phones charged and ready - Create an account with the service provider at the Experience Concierge on L2 Taxi and Private Hire Car Taxis are available for hire at Basement 1 of Terminal 1. All fares are metered, and you may find more details on additional Airport Surcharges here . Booking of taxis via taxi and ride hailing apps are unavailable. Make a booking via the respective ride-hailing providers’ mobile application by selecting ‘Jewel Level 2 Pick-up Bay’ as your pick-up/drop-off location. Taxi bookings are unavailable out of Jewel. Electric Vehicle Charging Six Electric Vehicle (EV) charging stations are available in the Terminal 1/Jewel car park offering paid charging service for all electric vehicle drivers. Location: T1/Jewel car park, B3, Lobby C, parking spaces 207-212 Charger type: 22 kW AC Charging rates: Drivers need to download SP Utilities app before they are able to charge their EVs. Prevailng charging rates apply. Note to drivers: Please move your EV to another carpark space within 30mins after it is fully charged, to enable other drivers to use the charging stations. Additional charges may be imposed for cars which continue to be parked in the EV charging spaces beyond this grace period. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Changi Lounge - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... CHANGI LOUNGE Located within Jewel Changi Airport, Changi Lounge provides an exclusive and comfortable environment where you can rest and relax – with Jewel’s range of exciting attractions and lifestyle offerings right at the doorstep for your exploration. In between your travel plans, enjoy free flow of light snacks, high-speed connectivity and even business facilities at Changi Lounge. There are also shower and napping amenities, for those who seek to be rejuvenated before the next leg of their journey. With wifi access available, keep yourself entertained or attend to business matters conveniently while on the go. There are also private meeting rooms available for booking. Location: Jewel Changi Airport, Level 1 (Public Area) Operating hours: Daily, 6.00AM – 10.00PM (Note: Kitchen and bar close at 9:00PM) × Close 4 / 9 Buy Now on Changi APP Buy Now on Changi APP AMENITIES × Close 1 / 1 TRANQUIL ENVIRONMENT TO WORK AND REST Whether you are seeking tranquil environment to work or study, or just want to rest your feet and have a cup of tea in between retail therapy, Changi Lounge is the haven for you.  There are ample power and charging points at every corner, as well as portable laptop tables to suit your working needs. × Close 1 / 1 DELECTABLE REFRESHMENTS Enjoy free flow of light snacks and a hot meal with the choice of our Classic or Premium package. × Close 1 / 1 Rejuvenate with a refreshing shower For those who seek to be refreshed after a flight, the lounge is equipped with shower facilities. Linen and toiletries are provided. × Close 1 / 1 RECHARGE WITH A NAP If you need a quick shut-eye, the nap pod facility provides a comfortable space for you to re-energise yourself. With in-built high technology features, you will be able to enjoy a composed sleep and timed waking through a programmed combination of lights, music and vibration. × Close 1 / 1 Facilities for business needs Private meeting rooms are perfect for your business meetings and work  discussions in an exclusive setting. Packages include drinks and snacks, as well as free parking. RATES FOR CHANGI LOUNGE REGULAR RATES Enjoy 3 hours of lounge access catered to your different needs. Lite Package: Adult: $28++  |   Child: $20++ •  3h lounge access •  Free flow snack bar Classic Package: Adult: $39++  |   Child: $27++ •  3h lounge access •  Free flow snack bar •  One hot meal •  One beer Premium Package: Adult: $50++  |   Child: $39++ •  3h lounge access •  Free flow snack bar •  One hot meal •  One beer •  One shower Ala-Carte Services for Add-Ons Shower Facilities (includes linen and toiletries) $20++ for a 20-minute shower slot Note: Last shower slot at 9.25pm. Nap Pod Facilities Guests with lounge package purchased $15++ (per hour, for guests with any lounge package purchased) Guests without lounge package purchased $22++ (1st hour) $18++ (subsequent hour) Note: Timeslot reservations for Shower and Nap Pod services are available over the counter only. Meeting Room Booking (Includes stationery, presentation facility and access to snack bar) Single Room (up to 4 guests): •  $80++ for one hour •  $150++ for two hours •  $250++ for four hours •  $440++ for eight hours •  Additional guest (up to 8) per hour: $10++ per guest Double Room (up to 8 guests): •  $160++ for one hour •  $300++ for two hours •  $500++ for four hours •  $880++ for eight hours •  Additional guest (up to 16) per hour: $10++ per guest To book a meeting room, please write in to reservations.changilounge@changiairport.com. Extra Perk Enjoy free parking* for 50% of guests with minimum 2 hours of meeting room booking. *Valid for Jewel / Terminal 1 carpark levels B3 to B5 only. Terms and conditions apply. Note: Priority Pass (including LoungeKey and LoungeKey Pass), Dragon Pass and DreamFolks members are accepted with valid boarding pass. Terms & Conditions apply. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Plants At Jewel [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... DISCOVER THE PLANTS AT JEWEL × Close 4 / 9 Step out of the airport right into a lush green sanctuary, a tranquil retreat in the core of the world's best transport hub. Immerse yourself in this garden wonderland and meet Singapore, the City in Nature. Jewel houses more than 2,000 trees and palms, and over 100,000 shrubs covering a total area of more than 21,000sqm. There are some 120 species, originating from countries all around the globe, such as Australia, Spain, Thailand, and the United States. Learn more about the plants at Jewel today! Embark on a PLANT DISCOVERY JOURNEY Forest Valley Explore idyllic landscapes bathed in natural sunlight with more than 900 trees and palms, and about 60,000 shrubs in this verdant indoor garden. Find out more Canopy Park Canopy Park, located at the topmost level (L5) of Jewel, is a 14,000 sqm recreational wonderland that welcomes the young and young at heart with an array of exciting play attractions nestled amidst luscious foliage. Find out more Activities/ Events Find out how you can play a part in Jewel's landscaping acitvities! × Close 4 / 9 Jewel BeLeafers Volunteer Programme Ever wondered how the trees and plants at Jewel are maintained? We are now offering an opportunity for interested parties to have a hands-on experience of tending to the plants at Singapore’s iconic destination, Jewel! Learn basic pruning and weeding techniques, or even have a chat with our horticulture expert about all plant-related questions when you participate in the BeLeafers volunteer programme. Do dress comfortably as you will need to bend or squat as you tend to our plants! *The programme is open to able-bodied participants ages 13 years old and above, and volunteers who are able to handle gardening/sharp tools. JOIN THE BELEAFERS PROGRAMME JOIN THE BELEAFERS PROGRAMME STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Promotions - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Promotions You're never short of a good deal when you visit Jewel. Be tempted by these exciting offers exclusively at Jewel! View Filters Promotion Type Dine Shop Reset APPLY FILTERS 31 listings Clear All Featured Mario Kart Jewel Circuit Challenge From now till 24 July, watch Jewel transform into a Mario-Kart inspired circuit challenge! Collect your stamp rally card and collect all stamps to receive a complimentary Mario-Kart sticker pack. Plus, stand a chance to win Jewel Vouchers, Canopy Park Tickets and Mario Kart Super Oversized Dash Mushroom when you play the sure-win gachapon from now till 6 July! Gwangjang GAON: Grand Opening Special Enjoy a FREE Chogye-Nangchae with every order of our signature GAON Galbi or Bossam. Available for dine-in from 25–27 July only. Limited to one complimentary set per table. ASIA'S BEST NEW RESTAURANT CAMPAIGN We’re thrilled to share that we’ve been nominated as Asia’s Best New Restaurant! Cast your vote and indulge in exclusive treats, our way of saying thanks for your incredible support. Authentic Taiwan Hot & Sour Soup Craving something warm, tangy, and comforting? Try Shihlin’s new Hot & Sour Soup! Only $3.80 à la carte, or just $2.80 with any value meal. Available from 1 July 2025! CHARLES & KEITH x PH5 RIDE THE WAVE IN COLLABORATION WHERE BOLD FEMININITY MEETS ARCHITECTURAL KNITWEAR INNOVATION CHARLES & KEITH unveils its first-ever collaboration with New York-based contemporary knitwear label PH5, blending futuristic femininity with modern movement in an exclusive capsule launching this July 2025. Celebrate National Day with a Fusion of Local Delights Celebrate SG60 with Ya Kun’s limited-time menu inspired by nostalgia and heritage! Indulge in D24 Durian Kaya Toast ($5.20), featuring real D24 durian paste in fragrant pandan coconut toast; Iced Moki ($3.60), a unique Ya Kun style mocha that blends signature Ya Kun kopi and Milo; and Bandung Lychee Swiss Roll ($3.80), made with delicious lychee bits! Celebrate Peru’s Flavours at Tonito Celebrate Peru’s Flavours at Tonito From the streets of Lima to your table at Tonito, enjoy our Peruvian specials from 21 July to 3 August 2025. Try the juicy Anticucho de Pollo, Peruvian style grilled chicken skewers served with pineapple salsa and lime, or go for the hearty Lomo Saltado, a wok fried beef stir fry with onions, tomato and garlic chips. Cool off with the zesty Virgin of the Sun mocktail featuring tomatillo, orange grenadine, mint and ginger ale. Limited time only. ¡Vamos a comer! Celebrate SG60 with Jewel! Celebrate Singapore’s 60th birthday with a line-up of exciting events, special showcases, exclusive rewards, and a taste of our nation’s flavour-packed journey—all under one roof at Jewel! Changi Millionaire Experiences Simply spend at Changi Airport, Jewel Changi Airport or on iShopChangi.com stand a chance to win the Grand Draw Prize, Millionaire Experience of your choice and drive home a Porsche Taycan with every S$50 spent! Chow Tai Fook GSS Privileges Enjoy amazing discounts on Chow Tai Fook's Liu Jin Sui Yue collection. Up to 20% off for fixed price products and 50% off  craftmanship & design fee for weight-based products. Coucou SG60 Celebrate SG60 with Coucou Hotpot • Brew Tea! Enjoy up to 60% OFF from 14 Jul–10 Aug with weekly tea, meat & soup base deals. New surprises weekly, only at Coucou Singapore outlets! DESIGUAL SALE Now you have the spring-summer collection, with up to 50% off. The perfect opportunity to start the summer and prepare your vacation looks. Enjoy exclusive promotions from STB India! Jewel is pleased to be part of the celebration of Singapore India 60th Anniversary! Present Jewel Changi Airport’s offer feature from VisitSingapore.com and passport at Level 1 Concierge to receive the following perks: - Jewel Privileges Card - 1 x $5 Attraction Voucher - 2 x $5 Retail voucher Exclusive Deals For Transit Passengers! Spotted our promo poster in the transit area? Snap a photo and present it at Jewel’s Level 1 Concierge Counter (in the public area after immigration) to enjoy 20% off Canopy Park attractions! While you're there, be sure to collect your Jewel Privileges Card to enjoy savings at participating stores! Experience a Fiery Comeback Experience a fiery comeback and relish Din Tai Fung’s locally-inspired, crab-tivating Steamed Chilli Crab & Pork Xiao Long Bao 辣椒螃蟹小笼包! HOOGA Beyond Just threads Enjoy 30% OFF all regular-priced items — and while you're making your home feel better, we’ve got a little something for you too. Get cashback vouchers when you meet the minimum spend required: $5 (min. spend $50) $20 (min. spend $100) $40 (min. spend $150) Heritage Meets Indulgence This SG60, indulge in Din Tai Fung’s newest take on a quintessential Singaporean classic - Steamed Kaya Bun! Imperial Treasure - Summer Delights Indulge in our new Summer Delights menu, a showcase of premium seafood and timeless culinary artistry, available at special value. Delight in exquisite dishes such as Peking Duck, Braised 5 Head Fresh Whole Abalone in Oyster Sauce, Steamed Scottish Bamboo Clam with Fried Garlic & Vermicelli, and Pan-fried Diced Iberico Pork with Garlic Chips — each thoughtfully prepared to highlight the best of summer’s flavours. Valid for dine-in only, for a limited period. KWONG CHEONG THYE: CREATE YOUR OWN HERITAGE HARMONY SET Build your own Heritage Harmony Set for just $11.50! Pick any $4 chilli, a paste & 170ml soya sauce — and get a FREE Raw Fish Sauce! While stocks last. Valid till 31 July. T&Cs apply. Don't miss out—grab yours today! Kate Spade New York Store Reopening Receive a complimentary gift with S$380 spend, exclusively a Kate Spade New York's Jewel store! NAIXUE NEW LAUNCH: GLOW UP SERIES Launching July 19! Try our refreshing new GLOW Up drinks — Daily Green Bottle and Super Watermelon. Get free limited-edition gifts with every purchase and enjoy special drink + pastry combo deals. While stocks last! OCBC Mastercard Promotion PS.Cafe Afternoon Tea Set Take a moment with a slice of cake -  your coffee or tea is on us. Royal Host SG60 Special Limited Menu Celebrate Singapore’s 60th birthday with our SG60 Specials Menu — Bold local flavours reimagined in signature dishes, drinks, and desserts. Satellite Paris Anniversary Celebration Get Limited Edition bag for free by Checking-in, Enjoy Celebrity Style items with limited time discount, and More supring benefits are waiting for you to unlock. Spend and Win Big with CapitaStar Don’t miss your chance to be the final winner to drive away in a brand-new car. Every spend of $60* in a single transaction earns you a chance to be a big winner! Stack your style and savings with Skechers! Stack your style and savings with Skechers! Get into your stride with up to $70 off at #02-201. Swing with Power. Play with Freedom. Designed for power and precision, this racket delivers unmatched versatility, control, and tour-proven performance for intermediate to advanced players. Tun Xiang Hokkien Delights | 3 for $29.90! A trio set featuring nostalgic flavours and all-time favourite signatures: Braised Hokkien Mushroom Noodles, Collagen Pork Ribs & Stomach Soup, and Crispy Nanru Iberico Pork — perfect for satisfying your craving for comforting meals at home! Tun Xiang Hokkien Delights | Hearty soup deal at $8! A hearty, nourishing bowl that brings comforting home flavours to your table.Indulge in our signature Fish Maw & Pig Stomach Collagen Soup — now at just $8 (U.P. $16) for a limited time only! Available till 31 July. We are officially live on Telegram & Whatsapp! From exciting deals to new events and more, subscribe to our channels to be in the know of the latest offers in Jewel! Your Favourites are on Promo! Don't miss this special treat! Our best-selling Walnut & Almond Cookies are now on promotion! Treat yourself to these crunchy, nutty delights at a special price - perfect for gifting or indulging. Hurry, stock up before they're gone! See More STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Canopy Park Ticket Promotions - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... × Close 1 / 1 BIRTHDAY MONTH FREE CANOPY PARK ADMISSION 1x Free Canopy Park Admission for Changi Account member during your birthday month! Term and Conditions Apply. Valid till 31 March 2026. × Close 1 / 1 DBS/POSB CARDS PROMOTION Enjoy 25% off Standard admission rates to all attractions except Canopy Park, 20% off Jewel-rassic Quest, 20% off Bundle Deals 1 and 2, and 10% off PlayAtJewel Membership when you key in the exclusive promo code from DBS/POSB listed here before making payment. Buy your tickets here ! Terms & Conditions apply. Valid till 30 June 2026. × Close 1 / 1 HOMETEAMNS PROMOTION Enjoy 10% off Individual Attractions Singapore Residents rates and 25% off Jewel-rassic Quest Singapore Residents rates, when you enter the promo code from HomeTeamNS listed here when purchasing the tickets online via Jewel’s Ticketing website. Discount is not valid for Canopy Park and Bundle Packages 1 to 4 on Jewel’s Ticketing website. Terms & Conditions apply. Valid until 31 December 2025. Buy your tickets here ! × Close 1 / 1 JCB CARDHOLDERS PROMOTION Enjoy 25% off Standard Individual attraction tickets (Excluding Canopy Park & Jewel-rassic Quest) and 20% off Bundle Deal 1 and 2, when you present your JCB card at L1 Concierge or L5 Ticketing Counter. Terms & Conditions apply. Valid until 31 October 2025. Buy your tickets here ! × Close 1 / 1 KEPPEL ELECTRIC PROMOTION Get 15% off Standard Individual Attraction Tickets (Exclude Canopy Park & Bundle Deals) when you key in the exclusive promo code from Keppel Electric listed here before making payment. Get 15% off Jewel-rassic Standard ticket too! Buy your tickets here ! Terms & Conditions apply. Valid until 31 December 2025. × Close 1 / 1 PASSION CARD PROMOTION Get 10% off Singapore Residents Rate (Exclude Canopy Park & Bundle Deals) when you key in the exclusive promo code from PAssion listed here before making payment. Get 25% off Jewel-rassic Quest Singapore Residents ticket too! Buy your tickets here ! Terms & Conditions apply. Valid until 31 December 2025. × Close 1 / 1 SAFRA PROMOTION Get 10% Off Individual Attraction Singapore Resident rates (Exclude Canopy Park & Bundle Deals) when you key in the exclusive promo code from SAFRA before making payment. Get 25% off Jewel-rassic Quest Singapore Resident rates too! Buy your tickets here ! Terms & Conditions apply. Valid until  30 June 2025. × Close 1 / 1 UOB CARD PROMOTION Enjoy 25% off Standard admission rates to all attractions except Canopy Park, 20% off Jewel-rassic Quest and 20% off Bundle Deals 1 and 2, and 10% off PlayAtJewel Membership when you key in the exclusive promo code from UOB before making payment. Buy your tickets here! Terms & Conditions apply. Valid till 30 Apr 2026. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Jewel Privileges - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Jewel Privileges Promotion Period 1 April 2025 - 31 March 2026 LOCATION Participating Outlets × Close 4 / 9 Jewel Privileges Programme Enjoy exclusive promotions by presenting your Jewel Privilege e-card (^ via Changi App here ) or physical card at participating outlets. You may collect your physical card today at Level 1 Concierge Counter! TOURIST PERKS Flash your foreign passport to receive the following perks: - Jewel Privilege Card - $5 Retail Voucher* (Mastercard® Cardholders get to redeem for an additional $5 Retail Voucher* when you flash your card!) - $5 Attractions Voucher - Free Jewel Premium when you spend a min. of $100 in a max. of 3 same-day receipts (While stocks last!) *Find out more about Jewel Retail Voucher here . ^Download the Changi app here and log in to view your e-card. Click here for the full listing of privileges and deals. Tourist Exclusive: Your Tax Refund Starts at Jewel Enjoy more savings when you shop at Jewel Changi Airport! Find out more here . Terms and Conditions •Jewel Privilege Card/EDM has to be presented at participating outlets to enjoy the special discounts and promotions. •All promotions are valid at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport only. •Promotions are subject to availability and respective outlet's terms and conditions. •Please visit the respective outlet for the full terms and conditions. •Tourist Perks: •Tourists are required to present their passport as well as their Mastercard ® at Level 1 Jewel Concierge for verification to redeem for the $5 Retail Voucher. •$5 Retail Voucher and $5 Attractions Voucher redemption is for tourists. Our Concierge may request to see the traveller’s boarding pass stub to facilitate the redemption. •Limited to one redemption per tourist per day, while stocks last. •To qualify for Jewel free premium promotion, shoppers must spend a minimum of $100 across a maximum of 3 same-day receipts at any Jewel Privileges participating stores in Jewel Changi Airport. •All redemptions must be made at Level 1 Jewel Concierge, from 10am to 10pm, daily. •Vouchers and jewel premiums are not refundable and exchangeable for cash, and cannot be replaced, if lost, damaged or expired. •Jewel Changi Airport reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the promotion. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Jewel Vouchers - JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Jewel Vouchers LOCATION Jewel Changi Airport × Close 4 / 9 Gift Voucher Terms & Conditions: - This voucher is valid for use with no minimum spend at participating shops, restaurants and attractions in Jewel Changi Airport only (excluding YOTEL AIR Singapore Changi Airport, Apple, Dyson Demo Store Service Centre, Fun Claw, kcuts, Solace Studio, Luckin Coffee, Minmed Wellness Collective, Nintendo Pop-Up Store in Singapore, RICH & GOOD CAKE SHOP™ SINCE 1997, GIFT by Changi Airport and Changi Experience Studio). - This voucher is not for sale. - This voucher is not refundable and exchangeable for cash, and cannot be replaced if lost, damaged or expired. - Vouchers cannot be used at event outposts operated by non-tenants. - Any alteration(s) on the voucher will not be accepted. - Jewel Changi Airport reserves the right to vary the voucher’s terms and conditions and/or cease the acceptance of the voucher without prior notice. Retail Voucher Terms & Conditions: - This voucher is valid for use with a minimum spend of S$30 at participating retail shops in Jewel Changi Airport only. - This voucher is not refundable and exchangeable for cash, and cannot be replaced if lost, damaged or expired. - Limited to 1 voucher redemption per transaction and the voucher is not stackable. - Vouchers cannot be used at event outposts operated by non-tenants. - Any alteration(s) on the voucher will not be accepted. - Jewel Changi Airport reserves the right to vary the voucher’s terms and conditions and/or cease the acceptance of the voucher without prior notice. Participating Tenants - Beauty and Wellness : Amaris, Bath & Body Works, Cuttour Hair Studio, Dragon Brand Bird's Nest, Eu Yan Sang, Maison Margiela, Montale Paris, Natureland Spa. Premium, Nectarlife | Pearl de Flore, Pearly Lustre, Ogawa Bespoke, OSIM, Owell, SkinGO!, Sasa, The Mineral Boutique, Watsons. - Children and Maternity : FILA KIDS, Le Petit Society, My Greatest Child. - Fashion : Calvin Klein, COACH, Desigual, Evisu, Fred Perry, Goelia, Goelia Since 1995, Hurley, I'M IN, Kate Spade, LIOU&LANS, Massimo Dutti, Polo Ralph Lauren, Setirom, The Shirt Bar, The Tinsel Rack, Timberland, Traveller World, UNIQLO, ZARA. - Handbags, Shoes and Accessories : Aldo, Birkenstock, Boarding Gate, CHARLES & KEITH, Crocs, ECCO, Furla, Lovisa, Marhen J & Sift & Pick, MOTHERHOUSE, Onitsuka Tiger, PAZZION, PEDRO, Red Wing Shoe Store, Sam Edelman, Teva - Jewellery and Watches : Black by Blue Brave, Chomel, CHOW TAI FOOK, Grand Seiko, G Shock, Satellite Paris, SK Jewellery, Tag Heuer, TUDOR. - Lifestyle and Gifts : ActionCity, AWHSOME by Hyggerium, Challenger, DJI, GIFT by Changi Airport, I ❤️ SG, MINISO, MUJI, Otaku House, Pokémon Center Singapore, POP MART, Pop Up! Jump Characters Store in Singapore, Sanrio, Simply Toys, Smiggle, The Digital Gadgets, The Wonder Store, Toys' R Us, Beryl's Chocolate - Optical : Lenskart, Oakley, OWNDAYS, Ray-Ban, Spectacle Hut Boutique. - Sports : adidas, ASICS, Columbia, Converse, DESCENTE, Foot Locker, FILA Flagship S.E.A, New Balance, New Era, Nike, OYSHO, Salomon, Skechers, Sun Paradise, Weston Corp, Salomon, Wilson - Supermarket: Fairprice Finest, DON DON DONKI. Breakfast Voucher Terms & Conditions: •This voucher is valid for use with a minimum nett spend of S$12 at participating shops in Jewel Changi Airport, from 6am – 9.59am only (shown in receipt). •Voucher is valid only between 6:00am and 9:59am at billing time. •Applicable for in-store promos and discounted items. •Limited to 1 voucher redemption per transaction. •Any alteration(s) on the voucher will not be accepted. •This voucher is not refundable and exchangeable for cash, and cannot be replaced if lost, damaged or expired. •Vouchers cannot be used at event outposts operated by non-tenants. •Please refer to www.jewelchangiairport.com for the full list of participating outlets and terms and conditions. •Jewel Changi Airport reserves the right to vary the voucher’s terms and conditions and/or cease the acceptance of the voucher without prior notice. Participating Tenants - Cafes & Coffee : %Arabica, 7Cafe, ActionCity Cafe, Kenangan Coffee, Keong Saik Bakery, Starbucks, The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Toast Box, Ya Kun Kaya Toast, Ipoh Town 怡保城茶室, Cafe Kitsune, PAUL Bakery & Restaurant, Twenty Loaf Toasties - Fast Food & Quick Bites : A&W, KFC, McDonald's, Shake Shack - Asian & Local Delights : Tsui Wah, The Hainan Story, Old Chang Kee, Song Fa Bak Kut Teh, Shihlin Taiwan Street Snacks, Munchi Pancakes, Thye Moh Chan - Bakeries & International Delis : Paris Baguette, Keong Saik Bakery, PAUL Bakery & Restaurant, Twenty Loaf Toasties, Munchi Pancakes -  Food Halls & Specialty Grocers : Food Republic, Don Don Donki, 7-Eleven Please refer here for the full list of terms and conditions. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Use Your Changi Reward e-Voucher Flexi Now! - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Use Your Changi Rewards Changi e-Voucher Flexi Now LOCATION Participating Outlets × Close 4 / 9 Redeem your Changi e-Voucher Flexi with Changi Rewards points and use it at the participating outlets to offset your purchases! For more information on Changi Rewards Changi e-Voucher Flexi, please click here . Terms and Conditions - Shoppers must be a Changi Rewards Member to use Changi e-Voucher Flexi. - Only Changi e-Voucher Flexi can be used at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. For list of non-participating outlets, please click here . - Changi e-Voucher Flexi cannot be used at the following: - YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport - Jewel Attractions tickets - Changi Experience Studio tickets - Temporary vendors at promotional spaces, e.g. Jewel Atrium, Cloud9 Piazza and Pop-up Stores - Banks/ ATMs/ Money Changers/ Financial Services - SISTIC/ AXS/ SAM payments - Cash Card/ Stored Value Cards Top-Up transactions - Lounges, passenger meeting services counters, left luggage service counters, tour and travel services - Online purchases - Car rental services, airport shuttle and transportation counters - Tobacco products - Click here for the list of Frequently Asked Question. - Other terms and conditions by Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd, Jewel Double Rewards and Changi Rewards apply. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Use Your eCapitaVoucher Now! - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Use Your eCapitaVoucher Now LOCATION Participating Outlets × Close 4 / 9 eCapitaVoucher is now accepted at Jewel Changi Airport! Redeem your eCapitaVoucher with STAR$ and use it at the participating outlets to offset your purchases! Terms and Conditions - Shoppers must be a CapitaStar Member to use eCapitaVouchers. - Only eCapitaVoucher (the digital form of CapitaVouchers) can be used at participating outlets in Jewel Changi Airport. - eCapitaVoucher can be used at participating Jewel Changi Airport outlets, except the following non-participating outlets: Arabica % 01-K208 A&W B2-209 Apple 02-234/235/236 AwHsome by Hyggerium 02-214 Birds of Paradise Gelato Boutique 01-214/215/216 Birkenstock B1-229 Beryl's Chocolate #B2-212 Challenger B2-214/215 Columbia 02-241 Coucou Hotpot.Brew Tea 02-208/209 DESCENTE 02-220/221/222 Din Tai Fung 03-214/215 Dragon Brand Bird's Nest 03-210 Don Don Donki B1-224 Dyson Demo Store Service Centre 02-224/225 Fong Sheng Hao B2-232 Frozen Heart Fried Ice Cream B2-258 Funclaw 04-206/207 Gelatissmo 03-206 Guzman Y Gomez #B2-211 Gift by Changi Airport 04-233 Goelia B1-250 Goelia Since 1995 B1-291 HOOGA B1-217/218 Ipoh Town B1-299 Jolly Fields by Zoomoov 04-225 POP UP! JUMP CHARACTERS STORE in Singapore 04-235/236 Kantin 05-206/207 Kcuts B2-204 Kee Wah Bakery B2-252 Kei Kaisendon 03-213 Keong Saik Bakery 01-K214 Kenangan Coffee B2-255 KOI Express B2-263 Lavender B2-253/254 Laderach Chocolatier Suisse 01-241 Le Petit Society B1-292 Luckin Coffee 04-231/232 Mamma Mia Trattoria E Caffè 04-200 McDonald's B1-298 Minmed Wellness Collective 04-209/210/211/212 Nectar Life | Pearl de Flore B1-295/296 Naixue B1-243 Nasty Cookie 03-207 Natureland Spa. Premium 04-215-217 New Era 02-238 Nintendo Pop-Up Store in Singapore 04-227 Otaku House 04-240 Polo Ralph Lauren 01-258 Poulet Bijou 01-227 Queic by Olivia 01-k218 Sanrio Characters Pop-Up Store 04-220/221 Salomon #02-242 Satellite Paris B1-207 Setirom B1-208/209 SkinGO! B2-203 Smiggle B1-202/203 Snack Box 03-205 Sourbombe Artisanal Bakery 02-237 Tambuah Mas Indonesian Restaurant 03-225/226 Tai Er 03-208 The Backyard Bakers 01-234 The Digital Gadgets 04-241/242 The Mineral Boutique B1-205/206 The Tinsel Rack B1-256 TOYS R US/ Kiztopia B1-210 Traveller World B1-228 Tsui Wah 03-230 Ya Kun Kaya Toast 01-K206/207 Yu Cookies B2-245 VIVAIA B1-254/255 Watsons B2-217/218 Weston Corp 02-239 Zoomoov L4 YOTELAIR Singapore Changi Airport Jewel Attractions tickets Changi Experience Studio tickets Temporary vendors at promotional spaces, e.g. Jewel Atrium, Cloud9 Piazza and Pop-up Stores Banks/ ATMs/ Money Changers/ Financial Services SISTIC/ AXS/ SAM payments Cash Card/ Stored Value Cards Top-Up transactions Lounges, passenger meeting services counters, left luggage service counters, tour and travel services Online purchases Car rental services, airport shuttle and transportation counters Tobacco products - Other terms and conditions by Jewel Changi Airport Devt Pte Ltd, Jewel Double Rewards, CapitaStar and eCapitaVoucher apply. STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Venue Hire [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Venue Hire A destination in itself, Jewel is home to a range of unique event and meeting spaces that offer some of Singapore’s most stunning views, including the majestic Jewel Rain Vortex. From larger scale corporate gala dinners, conferences and events, lifestyle brand launches, to cosy festive and birthday celebrations, our one-of-a-kind venues provide memorable experiences for different occasions and is set to elevate your events like none other. VENUES × Close 1 / 1 1. JEWEL ATRIUM Surrounded by world-renowned international and popular homegrown brands, the B1 Jewel Atrium is where exciting events come to live! Enquire now: atriumsales@jewelchangiairport.com LOCATION Basement 1 DOWNLOAD VENUE BROCHURE SPECIFICATION 190sqm Complimentary Wifi × Close 1 / 1 2. South Gateway Garden Set against Jewel’s stunning glass facade and the iconic Control Tower, the South Gateway Garden is a vibrant indoor space filled with palm trees and natural light which is perfect for fun and eye-catching pop-ups that stop visitors in their tracks. Enquire now: atriumsales@jewelchangiairport.com LOCATION Level 2 (beside Yun Nans) DOWNLOAD VENUE BROCHURE SPECIFICATION 150sqm Complimentary Wifi × Close 1 / 5 3. JEWEL SUITE Jewel Suite is designed to offer an exemplary dedicated space that provides a sense of intimacy, together with a spectacular view of the Jewel Rain Vortex from the terrace. View Virtual Tour Enquire now: contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com LOCATION Level 4 SPECIFICATION 125sqm ≤20 guests Bar with complimentary snacks and beverages Main Lounge TV Lounge Private room Private balcony with Jewel Rain Vortex view Restrooms Reception Complimentary Wifi F&B Catering Packages available × Close 1 / 5 4. CLOUD9 PIAZZA Located on the top level of Jewel and surrounded by a beautiful park with unique play attractions, Cloud9 Piazza offers guests an unparalleled view of the Jewel Rain Vortex in a refreshing alfresco setting in air-conditioned comfort. It is an ideal space for corporate and community functions, as well as consumer lifestyle and experiential events. Enquire now: cloud9piazza@changiairport.com (for Cloud9 Piazza) and ces.sales@changiairport.com (for multiple venue enquiries across Venues 3 to 8) LOCATION Level 5 DOWNLOAD CLOUD9 BROCHURE SPECIFICATION 1,000 sqm Sit-down Dinner ≤ 220 Guests Theatre Seating ≤ 250 Guests Standing Reception ≤ 300 Guests Hedges planters for privacy Glasshouse-inspired holding rooms Panel of Renowned Caterers Audio-visual equipment packages available × Close 1 / 5 5. Changi Experience Studio Buyout In this first-of-its-kind digital attraction , go on a journey of fun and discovery through the exciting virtual world of Changi Airport. Enjoy fun games and interactive exhibits that will delight both adults and kids. With over 20 different touchpoints and 10 content zones spread across an area of 3,000sqm, the attraction is an ideal venue for Family Day events, corporate team building, company townhalls, conferences and client networking events. Within the studio, there is an exclusive 12m-long balcony offering panoramic and unblocked views of the Jewel Rain Vortex, adding to the ‘wow’ factor of your corporate event. Contact us for exclusive options to book out the entire studio for your private corporate event. Enquire now: ces.sales@changiairport.com (for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) LOCATION Level 4 DOWNLOAD CES BROCHURE SPECIFICATION 3,000 sqm Conference ≤ 250 Guests Cocktail Reception ≤ 150 Guests Sit-down dinner ≤ 120 Guests Family Day - 350 per time slot (larger groups possible with multiple time slots) Exclusive access to entire studio with interactive exhibits and games Private balcony with Jewel Rain Vortex view Audio-visual equipment Complimentary Wifi Panel of Renowned Caterers Car Park Coupons × Close 1 / 5 6. Changi Experience Studio Seminar Room Within the vicinity of Changi Experience Studio, there is a seminar room well-equipped for corporate meetings, seminars, workshops and cosy private functions. Enquire now: ces.sales@changiairport.com (for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) LOCATION Level 4, within Changi Experience Studio DOWNLOAD CES BROCHURE SPECIFICATION 132 sqm Sit-down dinner  ≤ 50 Guests Theatre Seating ≤ 120 Guests Cluster seating - 7 sets of 6 seats Audio-visual equipment Flipchart boards and whiteboards with coloured markers Complimentary Wifi Panel of Renowned Caterers × Close 1 / 5 7. Changi Experience Studio Event Space Keen to hold a reception or cocktail session in Changi Experience Studio without booking the entire studio? There is the option to book just the event space within the studio that offers an exclusive view of the Jewel Rain Vortex. Surrounded by fun, the venue allows you to cap off an engaging event of fun with an enjoyable reception that provides opportunities for your guests to network over a picturesque backdrop. Enquire now: ces.sales@changiairport.com (for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) LOCATION Level 4, within Changi Experience Studio, #04-300 DOWNLOAD CES BROCHURE SPECIFICATION 295 sqm Cocktail Reception ≤ 150 Guests 100 minutes of Fun and Games Private balcony with Jewel Rain Vortex view Complimentary Wifi Panel of Renowned Caterers × Close 1 / 3 8. VALLEY VIEW PRIVATE SUITE For an exclusive private event, opt for the elegant Valley View Private Suite, which is nicely tucked away from public view, to host your VIPs and C-suite guests. With a formal boardroom section equipped with meeting facilities, as well as an attached lounge area providing luxurious comfort, the suite is ideal for board and senior management meetings, as well as for hosting distinguished guests on special occasions like wedding solemnisations. The highlight of the room is the open balcony overlooking the Shiseido Forest Valley, providing idyllic views of the valley’s lush greenery, perfect for a relaxing tea reception in a garden setting. Enquire now: ces.sales@changiairport.com / (for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) LOCATION Level 4 DOWNLOAD BROCHURE SPECIFICATIONS •92 sqm •≤ 30 Guests •Audio-visual equipment •Flipchart boards and whiteboards with coloured markers •Complimentary Wifi •Panel of Renowned Caterers × Close 1 / 5 9. Changi Lounge Meeting Rooms Have overseas guests you need to have an official meeting with near the airport? Or looking for a unique venue to host your off-site meeting? The Changi Lounge has well-equipped meeting rooms that are suitable for private meetings in an exclusive setting. One meeting room can accommodate up to 8 persons. There are options to combine two meeting rooms into a single larger one that can accommodate up to 16 persons. Click here to find out more! Enquire now: reservations.changilounge@changiairport.com (for multiple venue enquiry across Venues 3 to 8) LOCATION Level 1, Changi Lounge SPECIFICATION 1 Meeting room ≤ 8 Guests 2 Meeting rooms ≤ 20 Guests Premium Lounge with delectable refreshments Audio-visual equipment Shower facilities Nap pods Lounge bar Complimentary Wifi STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Attractions Buyout [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Attractions Buyout Located amid some of the most picturesque settings within this architectural wonder is a range of unique spaces that promises to provide memorable experiences for every occasion. VENUES × Close 1 / 8 CANOPY PARK Set within the iconic Jewel Changi Airport, Canopy Park is destination in itself. Home to some of Singapore’s most breathtaking views — including the majestic Rain Vortex — this unique space offers an unforgettable setting for your next event. Whether you are planning a large-scale gala dinner, conference, lifestyle brand launch, family day, or corporate teambuilding activity, Canopy Park provides a one-of-a-kind space that will elevate your event and leave a lasting impression. Enquire now: sales@jewelchangiairport.com LOCATION Level 5 Canopy Park DOWNLOAD VENUE BROCHURE SPECIFICATION 14,000 sqm Canopy Park Buyout Mastercard Canopy Bridge Buyout Hedge Maze Buyout Mirror Maze Buyout SUITABLE FOR Corporate Events Cocktail Party / Dinner Incentive Groups Teambuilding Private Events STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Weddings at Jewel - Jewel Changi Airport [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... SAY 'I DO' AT JEWEL With its iconic architecture, amazing indoor gardens, one-of-a-kind attractions, and unique shopping and dining options, Jewel Changi Airport is the ideal venue for your wedding celebrations. Exchange your vows against the backdrop of the world's tallest indoor waterfall - Jewel Rain Vortex and the lush greenery of the Forest Valley,  or capture unforgettable memories in the cool comfort of a beautiful garden complete with a floral arch for your picture-perfect wedding at Jewel. OUR WEDDING VENUES × Close 1 / 2 Floral Arch If you have always dreamed of having your wedding reception in an air-conditioned garden environment, we have the perfect location for you! Jewel's Canopy Park is now available for wedding engagement bookings, and it even comes with a floral arch for that picture perfect "I Do" moment! Enquire now: venuehire@jewelchangiairport.com Download the FAQ View Virtual Tour LOCATION Level 5 Canopy Park Jewel wedding ebrochure FY2324 SPECIFICATION 120 sqm Up to 20 guests Complimentary access to Canopy Park Setup not included in the package × Close 1 / 4 JEWEL SUITE Located at level 4 of Jewel, the Jewel Suite is a private lounge that comes fully equipped with amenities such as a TV lounge, bar counter, private room, and a balcony that has unparalleled views of the Jewel Rain Vortex. There are also toilet and bathing facilities within the Jewel Suite. With a luxurious interior and fittings, the Jewel Suite is the perfect spot for couples who seek a private setting with a sense of intimacy. Service staff will also be stationed in the room to assist with guests' needs. Enquire now: venuehire@jewelchangiairport.com Download the FAQ View Virtual Tour LOCATION Level 4 Jewel wedding ebrochure FY2324 SPECIFICATION 125 sqm Up to 25 guests Complimentary light snacks and beverages (Coffee, Tea, Soft Drinks) Service staff stationed in the suite to assist with guests' needs F&B Catering Packages available Amenities: - Main lounge - TV Lounge (Loewe TV) - Private Room - Bar Counter - Private balcony with views of the Jewel Rain Vortex - Toilet and bathing facilities × Close 1 / 5 CLOUD9 PIAZZA An iconic landmark in Singapore where lush nature meets stunning architecture, Jewel Changi Airport is a one-of-its-kind venue for every occasion. Hold celebrations at the top level of this architectural wonder, against the backdrop of the breathtaking Jewel Rain Vortex. Be captivated by the magical garden sanctuary and bask in the glorious natural light, and as the skies turn from dusk to dawn, celebrate the start of your new chapter in life. At a sizeable 1,000 sqm, Cloud9 Piazza offers abundant customisable opportunities to make your dream wedding come true. Enquire now: cloud9piazza@changiairport.com LOCATION Level 5 DOWNLOAD WEDDING RECEPTION PACKAGES SPECIFICATION 1,000 sqm 100 – 200 guests Hedges planters for privacy Click here for the 360 view of Cloud9 Piazza × Close 1 / 5 Valley View Private Suite Hold an intimate solemnisation at the elegant Valley View Private Suite, which is tucked away from public view. Enclosed with a private open balcony overlooking the Forest Valley, the idyllic views of the valley’s lush greenery complete the romantic garden theme. Couples hosting a smaller group of guests will find the suite’s size and cushy fit-out perfect. A cosy tea reception is also possible with the support of a comprehensive panel of catering partners. Enquire now: cloud9piazza@changiairport.com LOCATION Level 4 DOWNLOAD SOLEMNISATION PACKAGES SPECIFICATION 92 sqm Up to 20 guests STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Wedding Photography at Canopy Park [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... × Close WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY AT CANOPY PARK Capture your love story at the enchanting Canopy Park! From lush garden trails to thrilling slides and playful mazes, the top floor of Jewel is a stunning backdrop for your wedding shoot. Package is $188* and includes: Entry for wedding couple and up to 3 crew members to all attractions except Bouncing Net and Walking Net​ Add-on options are available at an additional charge: - Jewel Suite usage (1 hour) - Solemnisation Package *Prices stated are before GST This offer is strictly for wedding shoots. For commercial filming or photography, please email contact.us@jewelchangiairport.com Photo credits: Artcammy & Labella PHOTOSHOOT TIMESLOTS Mon - Thu (except School Holidays, On and Eve of Public Holiday): 10:00AM - 12:00PM / 7:00PM - 9:00PM Last admission is 30 mins prior to closing time LOCATION Level 5 ENQUIRE venuehire@jewelchangiairport.com HEDGE MAZE Mirror Maze Mastercard® Canopy Bridge Canopy Park < STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Team Building at Jewel [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Key Facts Connected to T1, T2 and T3 Hotel facilities 2,500 car park spaces Accessible from Changi Airport MRT station UNLOCK JEWEL'S SECRETS WITH HIDDEN SG Unlock the hidden gems of Jewel with Hidden SG, perfect for your next teambuilding activity! Your virtual guide, the sassy Void Deck Cat, will guide you through hidden clues, secret spots, and fascinating stories. Have a fun day out with your team and enjoy this immersive experience that will get you to know Jewel in a whole new light! × Close 4 / 9 Information 1 hour 30 mins (approx.) Minimum 10 pax From $45 per pax Tour is conducted in English and Mandarin TEAM BUILDING AT JEWEL Unlock the hidden gems of Jewel with Hidden SG, perfect for your next team building activity! Your virtual guide, the sassy Void Deck Cat, will guide you through hidden clues, secret spots, and fascinating stories. Have a fun day out with your team and enjoy this immersive experience that will get you to know Jewel in a whole new light! For corporate bookings and enquiries, please email sales@hidden.sg × Close 4 / 9 Information Between 1.5 to 2.5 hours Up to 150 pax per session Programme is conducted in English STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Jewel Guided Tours [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Key Facts Connected to T1, T2 and T3 Hotel facilities 2,500 car park spaces Accessible from Changi Airport MRT station Discover Jewel Tour Embark on a learning journey to uncover lesser-known facts about Jewel and the exciting offerings available to everyone! Find out how Jewel enhances travellers’ experiences with services such as early check-in facilities and the various offerings at Changi Lounge. Get to learn more about the curation behind the retail offerings available at Jewel! Experience a wondrous world at the exciting Canopy Park with first-of-its-kind play attractions suitable for the young and the young-at-heart. Look forward to a leisure stroll along  one of the two walking trails in the lush Forest Valley while enjoying breath-taking views of the Jewel Rain Vortex. For individual bookings, please register here . For schools or corporate bookings and enquiries, please email guidedtour@jewelchangiairport.com. *Minimum 20 pax for school groups and 10 pax for corporate groups. × Close 4 / 9 Information 1 hour 30 mins (approx.) Minimum 10 pax From $45 per pax Tour is conducted in English and Mandarin STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Jewel BeLeafers [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Jewel BeLeafers Programme Participation Period Monthly LOCATION Canopy Park / Forest Valley × Close 4 / 9 HANDS-ON GARDENING Ever wondered how the trees and plants at Jewel are maintained? We are now offering an opportunity for interested parties to have a hands-on experience of tending to the plants at Singapore’s iconic destination, Jewel! You will get to learn more about the behind-the-scenes at the best airport in the world! Do you enjoy gardening? The BeLeafers programme offers you a hands-on experience with gardening not just at Jewel, but also at other locations in the airport community. This can double up as a great bonding activity for friends and families. Everyone is welcomed, from gardening novice to experts, you can now be a part of the team involved in the gardening sessions at Jewel and the airport. Learn basic pruning and weeding techniques, or even have a chat with our horticulture expert about all plant-related questions when you participate in the BeLeafers volunteer programme. These sessions will take you through the lush and tranquil landscapes of the Forest Valley, Canopy Park, Jewel’s external gardens and even Changi Airport nursery. Do dress comfortably as you will need to bend or squat as you tend to our plants! Sign up for the BeLeafers volunteer programme here today! *The programme is open to able-bodied participants ages 13 years old and above, and volunteers who are able to handle gardening/sharp tools. **The programme is catered for individuals. If you would like to find out more about team building programmes available at Jewel, please click here ! STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!

Tourist Perks & Promotions [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open during maintenance. Stay tuned for updates on full reopening! [Advisory] Please be advised that: • Bouncing Net will remain partially open... Tourist Perks & Promotions × Close 4 / 9 Enjoy tourist exclusive perks and promotions at Jewel! × Close 1 / 1 JEWEL PRIVILEGES PROGRAMME Unlock exclusive deals with your Jewel Privileges card at participating stores. Don’t have one yet? Pick up your physical card today at the Level 1 Concierge Counter! Click here to find out more! × Close 1 / 1 JUST BETWEEN US FRIENDS Flash your Indian passport at Jewel Changi Airport Level 1 Concierge to receive Jewel Privileges Card, a $5 Attraction Voucher and two $5 Retail Voucher. Mastercard Cardholders get to redeem an additional $5 Retail Voucher! Click here to find out more! STAY UPDATED Sign up for Jewel's Newsletter Subscribe About Us Career Opportunities Media Centre Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Whistleblowing 78 AIRPORT BOULEVARD, SINGAPORE 819666 ©2024 JEWEL CHANGI AIRPORT DEVT PTE. LTD. Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Thank you Your email has been subscribed for newsletter. Continue Error! Sorry! Your email is already subscribed. Continue By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy , Conditions of Access and Cookie Policy to the placement of cookies on your computer. Jewel Changi Airport × × Tap to chat!